\section{Argus Graph Computing}

\subsection{Event Graph}

Main point for the subsection: \xxx computes a dependency graph to assist
debugging. It is a useful graph to figure out relationships across thread
boundary and timing boundary although it is not accurate.

\begin{itemize}
\item What the graph is?

	\begin{itemize}
	\item Paragraph1: high level description of dependency graph.

\xxx constructs dependency graphs with the events from tracing logs. Tracing
logs contains sequence of events per thread. Each event stands for an execution
step in the thread. They are grouped into nodes and IPCs, asynchronouns calls
and thread wakeups serve as edges; some edges can be inside a single thread.

	\item Paragraph2: detail about the graph.

Events can be classed into three categories: semantic, connection, boundary
Graph nodes consist of a list of execution events and edges are generated with
event pairs.

	\end{itemize}

\item Why the graph is userful?

The graph bares the causility path of a user input and thus is helpful in
debugging complicated performance bugs, which involve mutilple processes and
threads.

\item The Graph is not accurate

As noticed that not all wake-up edges stands for a causality, \xxx applies
default hueristics to filter out definitive noises: interrupt/kernel
maintainance/timer expirations. Default hueristics do not guarantee the
accuracy, so that \xxx needs user interaction.

\end{itemize}

\subsection{User Interactions}

Main point for the subsection: The graph is inherently inaccurate given the
existance of spurious edges (for example mutex lock example). We illustrate some
patterns that violated the traditional causality graph, and show how the users
help to get a feasible event graph.

\begin{itemize}

 	\item Paragraph1: describe the inaccuracy with general idea, define over
connection and under connection

Making the graph sound without user interaction is almost impossible given
essential attribite of commericial operating system as a grey box.
	
	\item Paragraph2: over connection patterns

Over connections occur if intra-thread boundaries are missing from batch
processing programming paradigms. (dispatch\_mig\_service, runloop)

	\item Paragraph3: under connection patterns

Data dependencies inter/intra threads are usually hard to fully exploit in the
initial pass of graph computing. (shared flags in Object, data dependency for
delay work intra-thread)

	\item Paragraph4: how the user can do when find patterns

Monitoring shared variables with Argus hardware breapoin watcher APIs, and add
heuristics to the graph computing

\end{itemize}
