\section{Related Work}

While there is currently no system that can help users debug performance
issues in closed-source applications on proprietary MacOS, several active
research topics are closely related.

\textbf{Event tracing.}  Magpie~\cite{magpie} is perhaps the closest to
our work.  It monitors server applications in Windows with the goal to
model the normal behaviors of a server application in response to a
workload.  This model further helps detecting anomalies statistically.  In
contrast, \xxx's goal is to identify the root causes of performance
issues.  Its graphs are not request graphs, but rather graphs that may
contain many requests.  In addition, it logs normal and abnormal
executions in the same event trace.  In addition, Magpie requires a
manual-written event schema for all involved applications to capture
precise request graphs, whereas \xxx has a simple, application-agnostic
schema for system-wide tracing and enables users to provide more
application-specific knowledge on demand.

Panappticon \cite{pannappticon} monitors a mobile system and uses the
trace to characterize the user transactions of mobile apps.  Although it
aims to track system-wide events and correlate them without developer
input, it supports only two models of communication: work queue and thread
pooling.

AppInsight \cite{appinsight} instruments application to identify the
critical execution path in a user transaction.  It supports the event
callback pattern, and does not trace across process or app boundaries.
                                                                                                                         
XTrace and Pinpoint \cite{xtrace, pinpoint} both trace the path of a
request through a system using a unique identifier attached to each
request and stitch traces together with the identifier.  \xxx does not
assume the presence of a unified identifier in closed-source, third-party
applications, frameworks, and libraries.
                                                                                                                         
Aguilela \cite{blackbox} uses timing analysis to correlate messages to
recover their input-output relations while treating the application as a
black box.

\textbf{Performance anomaly detection.}  Several systems detect
performance anomalies automatically.  \cite{} leverage the user logs and
call stacks to identify the performance anomaly. \cite{} apply the machine
learning method to identify the unusual event sequence as an anomaly.
\cite{} generates the wait and waken graph from sampled call stacks to
stidy a case of performance anomaly.  These systems are orthogonal to \xxx
as \xxx's goal is to diagnose an already-detected performance anomaly.
These systems can help \xxx by detecting more accurately when a
performance issue arises.
