\subsection{Sequel Pro}

Sequel Pro is a fast, easy-to-use Mac database management application for
working with MySQL databases. It allows user to connect to database with a
standard way, socket or ssh. We noticed spinning beachballs while the network
connection was lost and Sequel Pro tried reconnections. In the worst case, work
in other tabs get lost if the reconnection fails.

We simulate the unstable network environment by randomly disabling the network
for 1 second, and collect data in two cases: 1) network reconnection
succeeds quickly, and 2) Sequel Pro loses its connection for a while. 2G
tracing data are stored and the graph we generated contains 3,650,832 edges and
2,412,236 vertexes.

\xxx starts analysis from the spinning node in NSEvent thread of Sequel Pro and
finds the corresponding node in its main UI thead. We notice the execution
sequence,\\ \centerline{\textit{poll, write, wakeup, re-arm timer, read}} \\
in the node. Sequel Pro gets blocked on the read. As a result, \xxx goes to
search the similar normal node, which has the same sequence but is not blocked
for long. From the node, \xxx goes along the weak edge to figure out which node
wakes it up and slice path backwards. \xxx carries out the comparison of the
nodes in the thread before the normal node gets waken and before the spinning
beachball shows up. The close examination tells that the main thread is waiting
for the kernel thread, which in turn waits for the ssh thread. Such result
could hardly figure out by lldb or spindump as both of them only focus on the
callstack snapshot for each process, instead of providing the connections based
the execution history system wide.
