\subsection{TextEdit}

Select, copy, paste, delete, insert and save are common operations for Mac
users who do text editing. However, these operations on a large amount of
context usually trigger spinning cursors on text editing softwares, including
TextEdit developed by Apple. We traced data from six popular text editing
softwares to carry out the root causes analysis, including TextEdit, Microsoft
Word, SublimeText, TextMate, CotEditor and TeXStudio.

\xxx analyzed the tracing data and reported the spinning node for user to
inspect.  All the three cases are fell into the non-blocking categories.  Our
lightweight callstack tells the root cause directly.

For the selection in TextEdit, the size of the tracing log is 144MB.  The graph
generated from the log contains 170,054 edges and 101,212 vertexes.  The
spinning node illustrates that the main thread is busy processing
\textit{[NSBigMutableString\ getCharacters:range:]},
\textit{CFStringGetRangeOfCharacterClusterAtIndex},
\textit{\_CFStringInlineBufferGetComposedRange} and
\textit{NSFastFillAllGlyphHolesForCharacterRange}.  All of them are related to
the storage of characters.

For the operation of copy, \xxx generated a graph of 158,066 edges and 126,663
vertexes.  It reports that TextEdit is busy with
\textit{get\_vImage\_converter} and
\textit{get\_full\_conversion\_code\_fragment} in its main thread.  Both of
them are called by \textit{[NSTextView(NSPasteboard)\
\_writeRTFDInRanges:toPasteboard:]}.

We collected 214MB data for the paste in TextEdit, and generated 2,312,112
edges and 1,060,273 vertexes. TextEdit is busy with
\textit{DDLookupTableRefLookupCurrentWord\_block\_invoke\_2},
\textit{\_RTFGetToken} and \textit{platform\_memmove}. All of them called by
\textit{-[NSTextView(NSPasteboard)\ \_readSelectionFromPasteboard:types:]}
